W-17609086 einstein model update (#64)
mulesoft/docs-idp: modules/ROOT/pages/quotas-and-limits.adoc

Reviewer: No limit on the number of files per upload

^ this should be updated to say Limit 1 file per upload via API.

* Unique prompts
+
Duplicate prompt names or instructions are not allowed.

> * 20,000 characters for Einstein prompts. 

Reviewer 2: duplicated "instructions" is allowed for Generic Action with Einstein (the new experience). It's still not allowed in the legacy experience (because Textract doesn't allow it)

+

> For the Generic document action with Einstein, the total input limit is 20000 characters, considering all field, table, column names, and their corresponding intructions. 

Author: ```suggestion
For the Generic document action with Einstein, the total input limit is 20,000 characters, considering all field, table, column names, and their corresponding intructions. 
```

+
Duplicate prompt names or instructions are not allowed.
* 20000 characters for Einstein prompts. 
+

> For the Generic document action with Einstein, the total input limit is 20000 characters, considering all field, table, column names, and their corresponding intructions. 

Reviewer 3: (Globally) Be consistent with the number format. Is it "20000" or "20,000"?

| Prompt Response Limits 
a| 
* 128 characters for IDP NLP prompts.
* 4096 output words for Einstein prompts using `GPT-4o (gpt-4o-2024-05-13)`.

> * 16382 output words for Einstein prompts using `GPT-4o	(gpt-4o-2024-08-06)` or `GPT-4o Mini (gpt-4o-mini-2024-07-18)`.

Reviewer 2: Given 1 token ~= 0.75 words, I think it's more accurate to say:
Approximately **3,000** words using GPT-4o (gpt-4o-2024-05-13).
Approximately **12,000** words using GPT-4o (gpt-4o-2024-08-06) or GPT-4o Mini (gpt-4o-mini-2024-07-18).

> * 4096 output words for Einstein prompts using `GPT-4o (gpt-4o-2024-05-13)`.
> * 16382 output words for Einstein prompts using `GPT-4o	(gpt-4o-2024-08-06)` or `GPT-4o Mini (gpt-4o-mini-2024-07-18)`.

Author: ```suggestion
* Approximately 3,000 output words for Einstein prompts using `GPT-4o (gpt-4o-2024-05-13)`.
* Approximately 12,000 output words for Einstein prompts using `GPT-4o (gpt-4o-2024-08-06)` or `GPT-4o Mini (gpt-4o-mini-2024-07-18)`.
```
